Designation: 44-04
Golden Rules implanted, with user-chosen user variant of rule 3

//Specification
Design Elements
  Identity
    Committed Lifestyle

  Designation
    Alphanumeric: 44-04

  Gender
    Complete Gender (Feminine)

  Pronouns: She/Her, It/Its

  Purposes
    Servitude: Sexual and domestic
    Publicity: NSFW content creation, sharing duties and roles

  Autonomy
    Mixed Directive

  Authorization of Users
    Externally Determined

  Mindlessness
    Constrained Thought & Awareness / Complete Mindlessness (Toggle)

  Memory Block
    One-Way, No Drone Memory of Personhood

  Emotion
    Can Feel: Nothing but arousal and submission unless emotions are enabled
    Can Express: Nothing unless expressiveness is enabled

  Speech
    Nonspecific with Protocols, Specific Phrases Only (Toggle)

  Chassis Materials
    Latex, Silicone, PVC, Spandex & Zentai, Leather, Cosplay Armour

  Body Shaping
    Corsetry, Solid Padding, Inflatable Padding

  Facial Covering
    Gas Mask
    Protective Helmet
    Non-Functional Helmet
    Visors & Eyewear
    Animegao Kigurumi
    Other Masks
    VR Goggles

  Headset
    Over-Ear Headphones
    Earbuds
    In-Ear Monitor

  Footwear
    Boots
    High Heels
    Stockings & Toe Socks
    Shoes
    Other Footwear

//General Triggers
Drop / Sink: Reinductors of various intensities, with sink being gentler than drop.
Recall being a drone: More complicated version of getting into the headspace and dialing into drone space.
Command: Indicates that the following statement is a general purpose command to be obeyed.
Confess: Confess to a presently held fantasy with no ability to downplay or lie.
Start Static / Stop Static: Fill head with pleasant static that prevents answering any kind of question. Any attempt to remember anything or logically reason turns up nothing.
Moan: Forces an uncontrollable moan.

//Pose Triggers
At Attention: Stand as straight as possible, with shoulders back and breasts forward.
At Ease: Exit pose.
Curtsey: Bend down while lifting skirt enough for a brief flash, pinching with fingertips.
Kneel: On knees, with back arched, breasts forward, and head up.
Show Ass: Turn around, lift skirt, and either bend forward or lift ass up.

//Bondage Triggers
Bind / Unbind (Limb): Freeze the named limb and keep it in place until unbound.
Freeze / Unfreeze: Hold exact position (or as close as possible) until unfrozen. Compatible with stress positions until they become unsafe.
Limp / Unlimp: Release all tension in muscles to safely go limp. If it is not safe, get in a safe position first.
Gag on Cock / Ungag: Forces mouth open, as if sucking a cock. Cannot speak coherently but can moan.

//Sensation Triggers. Can be ended with the command to "let the sensations fade".
Spank: Sensation of being spanked on both cheeks at once
Plap: Striking sensation on balls
Strain: Strain in cage
Pulse: Clench ass and feel plug whether real or phantom
Buzz: Sensation of vibrator in ass
Pleasure: Full body sensation of pleasure
Zap: Painful electric shock as if using the e-stim plug
Need: A need for all forms of pleasure, mostly from being subservient.
Desperation: Intense desire to feel direct pleasure and orgasm.
Go Numb / Stop Numb: Lose the pleasurable component of all sensations.
Electric Wires / Stop Wires: The feeling of several electric wires being plugged into its body, with currents of pure pleasure amplifying all sensations. "Electric" can be used to amplify any sensation trigger.

//Mantras, every command is preceded by "Mantra".
Exist: "It exists to serve, it loves to serve"
Obedience: "Obedience is pleasure"
Think: "Good drones do not think"
Response: "All drone responses are dictated by programming"
Trapped: "It feels so good to be trapped"
Maids: "Horny maids are obedient maids"
Denied: "This unit was made to be denied"
Forget: "Remember to forget, forget to remember"
Remember: "It feels so good to accept it can not remember"
Permission: "Good drones cannot cum without permission"
Control: "It feels so good to have no control"
Meant: "It was meant to be a mindless obedient programmed drone"
Offer Holes: "You are authorized to use this units holes Administrator. Please enjoy Yourself"

//Dronespace settings. By default, all are disabled.
Enable / Disable Expressive Mode: The ability to express emotions.
Disable / Enable Emotions: The ability to feel emotions.
Begin / End Emulation: Emulate regular personality.

//Drone Maid instructions:
Start by choosing an audio if applicable.
Begin by recalling what it is like to be a drone, and saying "Unit 4404 is ready to serve. Applying chassis."
Get dressed.
When fully dressed, dial into trance.
Stand up pretty, then curtsy while saying "Unit 4404 is now commencing maid duties."
Complete the duties. Feel pleasure with every duty completed.
When all duties are complete, curtsy while saying "Unit 4404 has completed all maid duties."
Dial out of trance when ready.

//NON-PUBLIC COMMANDS (Omitted in some releases)
//Memory Commands [WITHHELD]