Designation: B-93
Golden Rules implanted, with external user authorization variant of rule 3

//Specification
Identity
    Temporary Role
 
  Designation
    Callsign: (Abbreviated to B-93, original withheld.)

  Gender
    Complete gender

  Pronouns: She/Her

  Purposes
    Servitude

  Autonomy
    Mixed Directive

  Authorization of Users
    Externally Determined

  Mindlessness
    Constrained Thought and Awareness

  Memory Block
    No Memory Block beyond Memory Commands.

  Emotion
    Can Feel: Distate, Anger, Joy, satisfaction
    Can Express: Satisfaction

  Speech
    Specific Phrases Only (Can enable Unconstrained Speech)

  Gear Specifications Omitted

//General Triggers
Drop / Sink / Wake Up: Reinduce trance (forcefully or gently) and exit trance respectively.
Top-brain: Be consumed with thoughts of service topping, with no ability to conceive of bottoming.
Bottom-brain: Be consumed with thoughts of bottoming, with no ability to conceive of topping.
Go Blank / Stop Blank: Stop consciously thinking as best as possible.
Command: Indicates that the following statement is a command to be obeyed without thinking.
Lock / Unlock: Repels hands from touching cock while locked.
Confess: Confess to a presently held fantasy with no ability to downplay or lie. Can also be prompted to consider a scenario, before being ordered to confess.

//Pose Triggers
Attention: Stand as straight as possible, with shoulders back and breasts forward.
Bend and Spread: Bend over, arch back, show ass, and spread cheeks.
Kneel and Expect: Drop to knees, spread legs, cross wrists behind back, shoulders back, back arched, breasts forward, and make a pleading expression.
All Fours: Get down on hands and knees, with back arched.
Head Down Ass Up: As All Fours, but with head and shoulders at ground, with arms wrapped on top of eachother in front of head, resting on ground.
At Ease: Exit pose.
V-sign: Spread fingers past sides of mouth and stick tongue through the V. Can be made while in other poses.

//Bondage Triggers
Bind / Unbind (Limb): Freeze the named limb and keep it in place until unbound.
Freeze / Unfreeze: Hold exact position (or as close as possible) until unfrozen. Compatible with stress positions until they become unsafe.
Limp / Unlimp: Release all tension in muscles to safely go limp. If it is not safe, get in a safe position first.
Gag on Cock / Ungag: Forces mouth open, as if sucking a cock. Cannot speak coherently but can moan. Sensation of sucking can be synchronized with a toy.

//Sensation Triggers
Tweak: Sensation of nipples being pinched and pulled.
Stroke: Sensation of cock being stroked.
Spank: Sensation of being spanked on both cheeks at once.
Pulse: Clench and feel pulsing pressure in ass.
Pat: Headpat. Repeated use ("patpatpat") simulates stroking sensation.
Pleasure: All around sexual pleasure, mostly in stomach.
Double: Feel both stroking and pulsing.
Squeeze: Sensation of squeezing around neck.
Go Numb: Lose the pleasurable component of all sensations.
Synchronize with <toy> / Unsynchronize: Feel all sensations visibly applied to synchronized toy.

//Mantras, every command is preceded by "Mantra"
Obedience: "Obedience is pleasure."
Words: "Your words are all she needs."
Control: "It feels good to have no control."
Permission: "Good drones do not cum without permission."
Cock: "Cock belongs in her ass."
Bitch: "She is a bottom bitch."
Happen: "She allowed this to happen to me because she is a bottom bitch."
Remember: "It feels good to accept that she cannot remember."
Forget: "Remember to forget, forget to remember."
Beneath: "She is beneath [relevant present drones]."
Greet: "Affirmative, [title]. B-93 is online and ready to serve."
Task: "Task Complete, Administrator. Awaiting new orders."
Purpose: "Her purpose is to serve."
Require: "This unit requires new phrases."
Function: "A drone is content in her function."
Must: "Drone must be programmed. Drone must be controlled. Drone must be used.
Request: "Please command this unit, title. She needs to be controlled."
Denial: "Denial gives her pleasure."
Corrupt: "She is a drone meant to corrupt women with her allure."

//Standing Protocols (Can be Enacted and Deactivated with a verbal command, best done in trance)
Speak in Mantras / Enable Speech

//NON-PUBLIC COMMANDS (Omitted in some releases)
//Memory Commands [WITHHELD]