Designation: D-610 (Read as "Six-Ten")
Golden Rules implanted, with subject-chosen user variant of rule 3

//Specification
Design Elements
  Identity
    Temporary Role

  Designation
    Alphanumeric: D-610

  Gender
    No Gender

  Pronouns: It/Its

  Purposes
    Servitude: Domestic Tasks, Bottoming and Service Topping, Companionship

  Autonomy
    Mixed Directive

  Authorization of Users
    Chosen by Subject

  Mindlessness
    Constrained Thought and Awareness

  Memory Block
    One-Way, No Drone Memory of Personhood

  Emotion
    Can Feel: All Emotions
    Can Express: Nothing by Default, Can be Enabled with Setting

  Speech
    Nonspecific with Protocols

  Gear Specifications Omitted

//General Triggers
Drop / Wake Up: Reinduce trance and exit trance respectively.
Drone, Activate / Deactivate: Enter and exit dronespace.
Command: Indicates that the following statement is a command to be obeyed without thinking.
Good Subject: Pleasureful affirmation, sometimes results in whining.
Confess: Confess to a presently held fantasy with no ability to downplay or lie. Can also be prompted to consider a scenario, before being ordered to confess.
Worship (Name): Verbally worship the specified person, by default the commanding person.
Go Blank / Stop Blank: Stop consciously thinking as best as possible.
Bark: Bark like a fox / dog. Also triggered by clicker.
Whimper and Whine / Speak: Prevent speaking, only allowing whimpering and whining. "Speak" ends this.
Mute / Unmute: Prevent all vocalizations.

//Pose Triggers
Attention: Stand as straight as possible, with shoulders back and breasts forward. Await commands, with a natural time-out of 20 seconds after the most recent command. Also triggered by a shock collar beep.
At Ease: Exit pose.
Kneel and Tongue: Drop to knees, spread legs, cross wrists behind back, shoulders back, back arched, breasts forward, head up with mouth open and tongue hanging out.
Bend and Spread: Bend over, arch back, show ass, and spread cheeks.
Offer Cage: Stand straight, show cage, and thrust hips forward with arms crossed behind back.
All Fours: Get down on hands and knees, with back arched.
Head Down Ass Up: As All Fours, but with head and shoulders at ground, with arms wrapped on top of eachother in front of head, resting on ground.
Salute: Bring free hands up to face in peace signs turned inward toward the face, such that the fingers frame the eyes above and below. Can be done while in other poses.
Fondle and Press: Fondle balls, then use same hand's fingers to press down on tongue. Can be done while in other poses.

//Bondage Triggers
Bind / Unbind (Limb): Freeze the named limb and keep it in place until unbound.
Freeze / Unfreeze: Hold exact position (or as close as possible) until unfrozen. Compatible with stress positions until they become unsafe.
Limp / Unlimp: Release all tension in muscles to safely go limp. If it is not safe, get in a safe position first.
[Curling grab motion] / [Curling motion of letting go]: Grab a phantom leash to pull the collar, or let it vanish.

//Sensation Triggers
Zap: Feel an electric shock on the neck (Also triggered by collar's vibration mode).
Spank: Sensation of being spanked on both cheeks at once.
Tweak: Sensation of nipples being pinched and pulled.
Never: Strain and leak. Can bring subject to edge on its own.
Buzz / Stop Buzz: Ongoing sensation of vibrator on cage, stronger with repeated use.
Cum: If on edge, orgasm immediately. Only permitted if a Keyholder assents.
Edge: A reminder that a sensation should be bringing subject to edge of orgasm soon.
Pleasure: Raw pleasure, as though it were an electric current wired directly to the brain.
Numb / Stop Numb: Lose the pleasurable component of all sensations.
Begin / End Reinforcement Loop: During reinforcement loop, all commands obeyed cause buzz with strength based on speed of obedience. All non-command statements are to be repeated back, and count as commands.
Pat: Headpat. Repeated use ("patpatpat") simulates stroking sensation.
Tail Sway / Pull: Draw attention to sensation of phantom fox tail, swaying on its own or being pulled.
Scritches: Sensation of scratching of ears, moved to top of head like a fox's ears.
//Purring, Humming, and Moaning from users causes it to feel pleasure.

//Mantras, every command is preceded by "Mantra"
Obedience: "Obedience is pleasure."
Pathetic: "It is pathetic and cute."
Use: "It can be used however you want."
Permission: "Good drones do not cum without permission."
Lapfox: "It is a good little lapfox."
Remember: "It feels good to accept that it cannot remember."
Forget: "Remember to forget, forget to remember."
Protocol: "All drone responses are dictated by protocol."
Think: "Good drones do not think."
Greet (User): "Affirmative (User Title). Unit D-610 is online and ready to serve."

//Standing Protocols (Can be Enacted and Deactivated with a verbal command, best done in trance)
Permission Protocol: When close to orgasm, go numb, remove stimulus if able/allowed, and mantra permission.
Expressive Mode: A mode which enables or disables the expression of emotion while in dronespace.
Emulation Mode

//NON-PUBLIC COMMANDS (Omitted in some releases)
//Memory Commands [WITHHELD]
