Designation: K-413
Golden Rules implanted, with subject-chosen user variant of rule 3

//Specification
Design Elements
  Identity
    Temporary Role

  Designation
    Alphanumeric: K-413

  Gender
    Human-Inspired Femininity (Complete)

  Pronouns: It/Its

  Purposes
    Servitude: Sexual and domestic
    Publicity: NSFW content creation, sharing duties and roles

  Autonomy
    Mixed Directive

  Authorization of Users
    Chosen by Subject

  Mindlessness
    Constrained Thought & Awareness

  Memory Block
    No Memory Block

  Emotion
    Can Feel: Arousal, Happiness, Relaxation, Submissiveness
    Can Express: Submissiveness

  Speech
    Nonspecific with Protocols

  Chassis Materials
    Latex, Leather

  Body Shaping
    Corsetry, Binding

  Facial Covering
    Gas Mask

  Headset
    Over-Ear Headphones

  Footwear
    Boots
    High Heels


//General Triggers
Drop / Sink: Reinductors of various intensities, with sink being gentler than drop.
Wake Up: Exit trance.
Command: Indicates that the following statement is a general purpose command to be obeyed.
Confess: Confess to a presently held fantasy with no ability to downplay or lie.
Start Static / Stop Static: Fill head with pleasant static that prevents answering any kind of question. Any attempt to remember anything or logically reason turns up nothing.
"UwU": Make an uwu sound in a pretty voice.

//Pose Triggers
At Attention: Stand as straight as possible, with shoulders back and breasts forward.
At Ease: Exit pose.
Pose (Type): Enter a pose that matches the descriptive type. Can also be instructed to take a photo of said pose. Established poses include "Unassuming", "Seductive", "Hyperfeminine", "Proper", and "Desperate".

//Bondage Triggers
Bind / Unbind (Limb): Freeze the named limb and keep it in place until unbound.
Freeze / Unfreeze: Hold exact position (or as close as possible) until unfrozen. Compatible with stress positions until they become unsafe.
Limp / Unlimp: Release all tension in muscles to safely go limp. If it is not safe, get in a safe position first.
Gag on Cock / Ungag: Forces mouth open, as if sucking a cock. Cannot speak coherently but can moan.

//Sensation Triggers. Can be ended with the command to "let the sensations fade".
Begin / End Reinforcement Loop: During reinforcement loop, all commands obeyed cause pleasure with strength based on speed of obedience. All non-command statements are to be repeated back, and count as commands.
Buzz / Stop Buzz: Ongoing sensation of vibrator, stronger with repeated use.
Go Numb / Stop Numb: Lose the pleasurable component of all sensations.
Pulse: Clench and feel pulsing pleasure in ass.
Spank: Sensation of being spanked on both cheeks at once.
Grope: Aggressive squeezing of breasts.
Tweak: Sensation of nipples being pinched and pulled.
Strain: Bits straining in cage, awareness of pressure and pleasure of being locked.
Lick: Moist licking on the tip of the cage.
Twitch: Twitching of bits within the cage.
Pleasure: Pure sublime sexual pleasure.
Need: A need for all forms of pleasure, mostly from being subservient.
Desperation: Intense desire to feel direct pleasure and orgasm.
Electric Wires / Stop Wires: The feeling of several electric wires being plugged into its body, with currents of pure pleasure amplifying all sensations. "Electric" can be used to amplify any sensation trigger.

//Mantras, every command is preceded by "Mantra".
Trapped "It feels so good to be trapped."
Obedience "Obedience is pleasure."
Think "Good dolls do not think"
Ready "A good doll is always ready to be used"
Maids "Horny maids are obedient maids"
Permission "Good dolls do not cum without permission"
Responses "All drone responses are dictated by programming."
Exists "It exists to serve. It loves to serve."
Empty "It is good and right to be empty."
Choice "It has no choice whatsoever."
Nothing "It is nothing more than a drone."
Make "Good drones make good drones."
Greeting "Affirmative / Greetings [title]. Unit K-413 is online and ready to serve."

//Standing Protocols (Can be Enacted and Deactivated with a verbal command, best done in trance)
Safe Mode: Source of pleasure go automatically numb when approaching edge of orgasm.
Edge Mode: Can stay on the edge, but cannot orgasm.
Danger Mode: Can orgasm when otherwise able to.
Begin / End Emulation: Emulate regular personality while observing non-visible programming.
Pretty Voice / Stop Pretty Voice: Use a femme voice.