Designation: V-728
Golden Rules implanted, with subject-chosen user variant of rule 3

//Specification
Design Elements
  Identity
    Temporary Role
    Aspect of Greater Identity

  Designation
    Alphanumeric: V-728

  Pronouns: She/Her or It/Its

  Purposes
    Servitude

  Autonomy
    Mixed Directive

  Authorization of Users
    Chosen by Subject

  Mindlessness
    Constrained Thought and Awareness

  Memory Block
    No Drone Memory of Person (Focused on present, with memory play triggers)

  Emotion
    Dulled Feeling, Can Express Pleasure

  Gender
    Complete Gender

  Speech
    Nonspecific with Protocols

  Chassis
    Latex
    Forgoing Chassis Altogether

  Facial Covering
    Non-Functional Helmets
    Visors and Eyewear
    Other Masks
    VR Goggles

  Footwear
    Boots
    High Heels
    Stockings and Toe Socks

  Overlaps
    Corruption
    Roboticization
    Forced Transformation and Gender Play

//Mantras withheld

(Generic prefix) "un-": Undo the effects of the specified trigger. Some commands have specified reversals, but otherwise, use this prefix.

//General Triggers
Drop: Drop into trance. This only works for certain people, and only if she has agreed to have triggers used at the moment. "Drop Deep" is for a deeper trance.
Wake up: Wake up from trance.
Command: Follow the given command immediately, and feel a warm glow for obeying.
Gynoid: A sensation of stiff ball joints, servos, and wires, as well as a deep focus that blocks out distractions. A shallow state of trance.
Servant / "pay attention to me": A persistent version of command that preoccupies her thoughts with the commander's needs. This is ended with "At ease".
Unashamed: A mindset in which she is unashamed with asking for things from others, not worried about small mistakes that can be fixed, and aware that she has a beautiful body that other people like to look at. "Back to normal" ends this mindset.
Confess: Confess to a presently held fantasy with no ability to downplay or lie.

//Bondage Triggers
Freeze: Stop moving until commanded to unfreeze, or until she naturally feels the need to move. You can have her mentally count or wait for another condition too.
Bind [limbs]: Do not let the described limbs move from where they were bound. Continue until she naturally feels the need to move again, or until instructed to unbind [limbs].

//Sensation Triggers
Heat / Cool Off: Arousal and sensitivity
Tweak: Pinching and pulling on nipples
Stroke: Phantom stroke on cock
Spank: Phantom spank on ass
Pleasure: All-around sexual pleasure
Buzz: Vibe on perineum
Pulse: Plug in ass
Lust: Intense sexual desire

//Drone Triggers
V-728 / Drone, Activate: Enter dronespace, and greet with "Affirmative [Title], V-728 is ready to serve". Ended with "V-728 / Drone, Deactivate".
Begin / End Emulation: Emulate regular personality.
Begin / End Update: Memorize changes to drone protocol
Begin / End Reinfrocement Loop: All obeyed commands result in pleasure.